System API: Introduce a canister generation counter (#19)
dfinity/interface-spec: spec/index.adoc

ic0.msg_arg_data_copy : (dst : i32, offset : i32, size : i32) -> ();        // I U Q Ry F
ic0.msg_caller_size : () -> i32;                                            // I G U Q F
ic0.msg_caller_copy : (dst : i32, offset: i32, size : i32) -> ();           // I G U Q F

> ic0.callback_generation : i64;                                              // Ry Rt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ic0.callback_generation () -> : i64;                                         // Ry Rt
```
```suggestion
ic0.callback_generation : i64;                                              // Ry Rt
```

+
Status `3` (stopped) can be observed, for example, in `canister_pre_upgrade` and can be used to prevent accidentally upgrading a canister that is not fully stopped.

[#system-api-generation]
=== Canister generation counter

> For each canister, the system maintains a _generation counter_. Upon canister generation, it is set to 0, and it is incremented upon every successful code installation (see <<ic-install_code,code installation>>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each canister, the system maintains a _generation counter_. Upon canister creation, it is set to 0, and it is incremented upon every successful code installation (see <<ic-install_code,code installation>>).
```

* `ic0.canister_generation : () -> i64`
+
returns the current value of the generation counter.
+
During the canister upgrade process, `canister_pre_upgrade` sees the old counter value, and `canister_post_upgrade` sees the new counter value.

* `ic0.callback_generation : () -> i64`
+

> returns the generation of canister at the time of invoking the `ic0.call_perform` that performed the call which response is handled right now. It allows canisters to recognize that there is been a canster upgrade or installation between issuing a call and handling the response. Will trap unless called from a reply or reject handler.

Reviewer 2: Can we be more specific here, i.e. "returns the generation counter of the canister"?

I'm also not sure why we need both a `ic0.canister_generation` and a `ic0.callback_generation` function. Is it not possible to combine those into a single one?

Author: We certainly need both: the former is the current generation, the latter the generation of the canister that _sent_ the call that led to the currently handled callback.

```suggestion
returns the generation counter value of the canister at the time of invoking the `ic0.call_perform` for the call that led to the response that is handled right now. It allows canisters to recognize that there is been a canster upgrade or installation between issuing a call and handling the response. Will trap unless called from a reply or reject handler.
```

    }
  | FromCanister {
      calling_context : CallId;
      callback : Callback;
      generation : Generation;
    }

>   | FromHeartbeat

Author: Nice ticket number, very leet :-)

What is that about?

>   | FromHeartbeat

Reviewer 3: It is about querying more information about canisters, e.g., their history (changes to their module and controller set).

>   | FromHeartbeat

Reviewer 3: It is about querying more information about canisters, e.g., their history (changes to their module and controller set).

>   | FromHeartbeat

Reviewer 3: Actually, it suffices that the generation counter is part of the MethodCall.

ic0.canister_self_copy<es>(dst:i32, offset:i32, size:i32) =
  copy_to_canister<es>(dst, offset, size, es.wasm_state.self_id)

> ic0.canister_generatoin<es>() : i64 =

Reviewer 2: Typo

Author: ```suggestion
ic0.canister_generation<es>() : i64 =
```
